Hashmi Law Associates Pvt. Ltd. Pvt. Ltd. (HLA) is a Law Firm Registered under the Companies Act 2013 and 
has its Registered Office in New Delhi. We are the team of practicing advocates from Delhi High 
Courts & Supreme Court of India, therefore HLA is having well experienced, professional, reputed 
Team for NGO Consultancy Service for
	 

	 

NGO Registration, NGO Funding, 80G Registration for Income 
Tax rebate to donors and CSR Companies,12A Registration for 
Income Tax exemption to the income of NGO generated from 
donation and other sources, to receive funds from foreign donor 
agencies FCRA Registration and all kind of other registrations 
and Consultancy Services for Non-Profit and Non Governmental 
Organisations.
HLA is most recommended for Consultancy Services that works 
with passion to assist Non-Governmental Organisations / NonProfit Organisations (NPOs) all over India with some thought 
such as – “We Help Those Who Help Others”. We have been 
providing Consultancy Services and support for Non-Profit NonGovernmental Organisations that associated with and working for 
Social Welfare and Development. 
We support, guide, and consult with the 
Stakeholders, Social Entrepreneurs, Social 
Activists, and Social Workers from initiation to 
formation and Registration of NGO and after 
that to run, manage and maintain status to 
move ahead to achieve the decided planned 
and targeted goals and Mission successfully.
We have a team of experienced people with 
voluntary organizations in the social sector, so 
our consultants are well-experts and wellexperienced with deep knowledge of all kinds 
of processes of NGO Registration in India. We 
can better guide to register the NGO and 
manage the NGO in a better way as our expert 
consultants have practical ground level experience working with grassroots level NGOs to all kinds of 
well-established national and international level organizations.
We have been preparing Organisational Profile, the Annual Reports, and Project Proposals to get 
funding and grants for Non-Profit Organisations. We help the NGOs, that are running with visions, to 
fulfill their social change-making aims and objectives in building a solid backbone by providing them 
essential applicable services in the field of fundraising, work recognition, project implementation, and 
support to maintain sustainability. We believe in empowering NGOs to enable them in working with 
intense energy, efforts and 
execute programs instead of 
diverting their focus to receiving 
grants.
Our team of devoted, 
experienced, and well-qualified 
professionals provides worldclass services to NGOs right at 
their requirements. We work 
passionately to provide quality 
services to social organizations 
at the specified schedule. We 
bridge the gap between NGOs 
active in various parts of India 
and the contributor funding 
agencies and resources through 
information dissemination and 
guidance support as 
Consultants. Please do 
understand that we help and guide you but do not do liaising work. We are providing consultancy and 
working with strong ethical and moral principles with transparent and eligible NGOs.
What we do for you and your NGO? 
We see things that aren’t 
easily visible to you since you 
are near the subject and 
almost always too drained to 
focus due to the workload of 
the NGO.
If you get stuck up, we are 
there for you to unstuck you. 
We have solutions for most 
p r o b l e m s a n N G O 
encounters thanks to the 
years of experience our team 
members have in this field.
When things aren’t working 
in your favor trust us to show 
you a way forward. Through 
y e a r s o f e x t e n s i v e 
experience and activity in the 
field, we have connections.
We will break down hudge challenges into small
logical milestones.
We build your NGO’s capacity by motivating and 
reviving the commitment of the board members 
as-well-as staff. We organize motivational 
workshops and help in overcoming inevitable 
conflicts. 
We will teach you the skills that you shall need in 
the future to sustain your NGO even after our 
work.
We put in all our efforts to help you see the horizon; 
think strategically and logically, and aim at achieving your objectives instead of running after funds.
we will help you to create your Legal department to carter the requirements of the NGO from time to 
time 
We are special because:
Experience: HLA creates a roadmap to 
navigate your way into the social service 
field. When you hire us, you are working 
with an extensively experienced, seasoned, 
and talented team.
Approach: Our approach is customized 
and personalized to meet the requirements 
of the NGO that consults us. We listen and 
then plan after analyzing the NGO’s profile 
and needs.
Accessibility: We are there for you, 
consistently in touch with you, in person or 
b y P h o n e , W h a t s A p p , a n d E m a i l 
contributing our time, ideas, and resources to help you achieve your objectives.
Affordability: Our motto is serving those who serve others. Our services are available at an affordable 
cost so that each NGO can be benefited from our services.
Reputed: We have been working in this field for a long and are reputed as a Law Firm & Consultant 
working with passion, providing the best results through the network of contacts that we have built 
over these years.
Our working mechanism involves: 
HLA provides strategic, legal, and advisory solutions to NGOs 
seeking advancement in their goals while meeting ethical 
standards. With years of experience in the social services and 
NGO sector, our team members have a strong background in 
planning, strategizing, implementing, and evaluating the task 
at their end. Our core services include:
Strategy building – HLA offers strategic expertise to develop 
the client NGO’s profile right from Registration to Annual 
Report preparation, Project Proposal building, Impact Assessment reports, Case Studies, 
Achievement Reports, Research Reports, etc. We assist in the development of individual programs 
like signature programs, and national and regional initiatives.
Program Management and Implementation – HLA is a 
one-stop solution that answers all your NGO-related 
woes and concerns. Our services cover a wide range 
from launching a program to managing it.
Evaluation – HLA performs effective evaluation in, 
impact assessment reports, project reports, annual 
reports, etc. to establish, recognize, clarify, and measure 
the benefits and impact of various programs and 
projects
Profile Preparation of NGO – HLA also provides advice and guidance to effectively overcome every 
obstacle including.
Helping NGOs to develop an appropriate profile, and gain legally registered status in various 
sectors.
Creating program strategies for client NGOs, annual report, project reports for them.
Building NGOs capacity through employee engagement programs.
Strengthening stakeholder’s faith through engagement programs.
We provide NGO Consultancy Services in India:
We offer consultancy services to NGOs and the 
corporate sector related to social service from 
formation and Registration of NGOs, managing 
and maintaining new NGOs, developing and 
receiving resources and funds to work on their 
decided task and aims, documentation, legal 
consulting, accounting, and technical support. We 
consult organizations to enhance their capabilities, 
assist in keeping correct and well documentation, 
get accreditation and recognition, guide and 
provide required technical and technology-related 
support, accountancy, auditing, Income Tax 
return, Income Tax exemption certification 
process, FCRA Registration process, and FCRA 
return submissions, planning tasks and implementing to keeping track to move in the right direction 
and support to achieve goals.
Our Consultancy Services for NGOs include: 
NGO Registration in India 
NGO Registration Consultancy
Trust Registration
Society Registration
Section 8 Non Profit Company Registration
National NGO Registration
Devasthan Trust for Religious places
Trust and Society at Charity Commissioner
Income Tax Exemption Registration
12A, 80G Registration Consultancy Service
80 G Registration Consultancy
12 AA Registration Consultancy
FCRA Registration Consultancy 
Foreign Contribution Regulation Act 
Registration
FCRA Prior Permission Registration before 3 
years
FCRA Return Submission
FCRA Renewal and Updates
Documentation for required processes 
Niti Ayog – NGO Darpan Registration/ 
Empanelment
Registration in National Trust
Registration in Social Welfare Deptt for Grants
Registration for Government Grants
Online Government Project Submission
Institutional Registration 
University Registration
College Registration
Medical College Registration
Hospital Registration
Nursing College Registration
Engineering College Registration
School Registration
Skill Development under PMKVY
Skill Development under DDU-GKY
Annual Report and Profile for NGO
NGO Profile preparation
Annual Report Writing for NGO
Annual Report Designing for NGO
Annual Report Updation and Improvement
Impact Assessment Report
Project Proposal for NGO 
All kind of Project Proposal to get grants
Project Proposal for NGO Funding
Project Proposal for Government Schemes
Submission of Project Proposal for Fund
CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Projects
Project Report preparation and documentation 

Concept Note preparation before Project 
Proposal
FCRA Project Proposals
Company – Firm related Registrations 
Co-Operative Society Registration
MSME Registration for Udhyog Adhar
GST Registration for NGO
ISO Registration
Export License Registration Submission
Company Registration
LLP Registration
Partnership Registration
Trademark and Copyright
Trademark Registration 

Copyright Registration
Patent Registration
Website Development 
Website Development for NGO
Social Media Services for NGO
CONTACT US Old Lawyers chamber Supreme Court of India New
Delhi-110001
Delhi High Court Bar Associaton Sher Shah
Road, New Delhi-110053 
Patala House Court Bar Associaton New
Delhi-110001
Chamber No. 685 Lawyers chamber Saket Court
New Delhi 
229-A Poket-12 Jasola New Delhi-110025
Info@adalegal.co.in, hashmi.adil@adalegal.co.in,
adv.adil.hashmi@gmail.com
hashmi.law.associats07@gmail.com
+91 8588895750, 
+919891224152(WhatsApp)
“Great leaders, however, inspire teir people t reach higher, dream biger, 
and achieve greatr. Perhaps te most important leadership skil you can 
develop is te abilit t provide inspiraton t your tam. If you inspire tem 
t reach for te stars, tey just might bring you back te moon.”
– Forbes